Docs updates (#3079)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/environment/image-registries.md

weight: 70
---

Often, a Kubernetes manifest (or `skaffold.yaml`) makes references to images that push to
registries that we might not have access to. Modifying these individual image names manually
is tedious, so Skaffold supports automatically prefixing these image names with a registry
specified by the user. Using this, any project configured with Skaffold can be run by any user
with minimal configuration, and no manual YAML editing!

This is accomplished through the `default-repo` functionality, and can be used one of three ways:

1. `--default-repo` flag

    ```bash
    skaffold dev --default-repo <myrepo>
    ```

1. `SKAFFOLD_DEFAULT_REPO` environment variable

    ```bash
    SKAFFOLD_DEFAULT_REPO=<myrepo> skaffold dev
    ```

1. Skaffold's global config

    ```bash
    skaffold config set default-repo <myrepo>
    ```

> If Skaffold doesn't find a `default-repo`, there is no automated image name rewriting, and it will use the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Skaffold can't resolve a value for `default-repo`, there is no automated image name rewriting, and it will use the image
```
